update: mcp LA (#1489)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/postgresql/get-started.md

<TabItem value="mcp" label="MCP">

- An MCP-compatible client such as Cursor, Claude Code, Claude Desktop, or VS Code

> - The [Aiven MCP server](/docs/tools/mcp-server) (<LimitedBadge/>) configured in your client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A configured Aiven MCP server  <LimitedBadge/> in your client
```

Author: done
